# Exit Ticket

Back in my journal for Week One I wrote:
Okay, so I will admit that I did not really read the description for this course before registering in it. I assumed it would be a theoretical course studying important people and projects in digital history. I did not realize that we would be learning about how to use digital tools in order to be able to produce digital history. I am glad however, that the course is what it is and not what I expected.
If in Week One I said I was glad my assumptions were wrong, then now I am over the moon. I may not have known what I was getting into, but this course has become one of the most beneficial courses I think I will ever take at Carleton. The outcomes of my learning in this course will not only help me with historical argument, but I see it helping me in all areas of my studies and my future as a journalist. 
When I began this course, I scanned through each week of work to see what was to come. When I read Week Six, I thought I might not be able to complete this course. To be completely honest, up until Week Six came I had doubt that I’d be able to tie it all together. But now, when I look at what I completed in Week Six, I am so overly proud of myself. Not only the final product, but the processes I took in Week Six, boosted my confidence in my own learning and my ability to use various tools.
The outcomes of this class for me range from the simplistic to the complex. The most basic one – but also a very important one – is that I only use Google Chrome now. I still cringe at the thought that I used to use Internet Explorer. 
It also gave me the confidence to not be afraid to fail. Scroll back on any of the discord text channels and I am most likely there asking for help. I ran into my fair share of problems in this course, but I didn’t give up. Google, my brother, my peers, and of course Dr. Graham, aided me in giving me tips to overcome the flux of error messages and challenges I faced. But I didn’t take this help and run. If I saw someone with a similar question on the discord server, I would do my best to help them out. I think this is one of the most important aspects of doing digital history work – or any work for that matter – to share the knowledge and techniques for the greater good. There is no use in having a small group of people who know what they’re doing when the majority can’t even comprehend the work. Education should be for the masses. Like we came across Robert Danton saying in Week One, "Yes, we must digitize. But more important, we must democratize".
This course has most definitely changed the way I look at historical work. As I explained in my Week Six journal, using digital methods added many more layers to the manual work I had already done with the Mrs. Thompson. I can’t remember exactly where I heard this, but I believe it was a Carleton journalism prof who said to one of my classes, “No words were written by accident”. Using some of the tools I learned in this course including AntConc, Voyant, and Topic Modelling, we can begin to analyze the reason these words were written. It will bring up a lot of debate and interpretation, but it adds so much depth to the knowledge of the work. 
During the duration of this course I was able to recognize the importance of the tools we were using. Right back to Week One, I was applying for a journalism related job and I recognized the usefulness of Zotero and Hypothes.is in that work. I will only continue to recognize the usefulness of the tools and methods of this class when I continue to do more work.
Now on to the part that makes students feel awkward. The grade. I will say that I am not reluctant to tell you the grade I feel I deserve. Not because I am cocky or self-entitled, but I am confident in the work I did in this class and I am proud of how hard I worked. I did not step down from the challenge even though I mentioned to a peer early on that I was way out of my league in this class. I am glad I took on the challenge as I learned a lot. My digital abilities and my ability to look at historical work critically are two skills that I have sharpened a great deal in this course. I believe, in sum, that an A- is the right mark for me in this course.
Thank you for the fun, the laughs, the hiccups, and the endless stress over the past six weeks. It was well worth it!
